[Autogenerated] savings plans are similar to reserved instances,
which will cover in detail in the next module in that you enter into a
123 year commitment with a full partial or no upfront payment to receive
a significant discount over on demand prices.
However, instead of selecting an instance configuration,
you're committing to a certain compute spend per hour
for the duration of the agreement, for example,
$50 per hour.
The big advantage of savings plans is the flexibility they provide.
Savings plans can automatically apply to any instance family instantiation,
eyes, tenancy, operating system and region,
as well as Fargate and Lambda Resource is savings plans are
easier to manage and could be a great option for accounts that
have some consistent level of workload.
You can find out more about savings plans in the AWS cost Explorer.
The Ws Cost Explorer is your dashboard to Grafana
visualized and analyze your spend.
There are several filters you can apply to get down to the details you need.
This is also where you can set up savings plans.
AWS budgets allows you to configure custom budgets that will
automatically alert you when you're AWS.
Costs or usage exceed or are forecasted to exceed the thresholds you set.
This helps you avoid any surprises with your month end bill.
You can also use budgets to monitor and adjust usage as you have a spike
in activity from a new release or additional customers.
A W s trusted advisor can provide cost optimization suggestions as part of
a support plan such as checking for underutilization of resource is in
providing recommendations for reserved instances.
When you utilize A W S organizations,
you have better visibility into costs as everything
control up into a single payer account.
If you purchase a savings plan or reserved instances,
you can utilize those at the organization level rather than
having them tied to a single AWS account.
You can also qualify for volume discounts based on the combined
usage of all member accounts in your organization.
By defining the role of member accounts,
you can simplify reports and control costs by limiting services in
different accounts with service control policies.
Finally,
sandbox accounts could be regularly created and
destroyed within your organization. To avoid any zombie resource is